>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
So how many times have
you searched the internet
or thumbnailed a newspaper
looking for your horoscope?
Whatever you are-- Gemini
in my particular case.
It's fascinating, isn't it?
The science of
stars, and planets,
and how it affects your life, or
your outcome, or your destiny?
With us on "Beyond Belief,"
of course, Sandra-Leigh Serio.
And Sandra is a psychotherapist,
but an astrologer,
an astrologer more, right?
>>SANDRA-LEIGH SERIO: More,
yes, because with astrology you
can take more liberty than
you can as a psychotherapist.
>>NOORY: In the old days,
before the internet,
the newspapers really
dived into astrology.
They had everybody's
month, everybody's chart,
the person of that day.
They had it all laid
out for everybody.
Where do we stand
right now, in terms
of people looking at
astrological charts
on a personal basis?
>>SERIO: And I wrote
one of those columns
for the newspaper, by the way.
>>NOORY: You sure did.
>>SERIO: I did.
So sun sign astrology is
the tip of the iceberg.
It's sort of your introduction
to what astrology is.
But it's kind of like-- you
have to see sun sign astrology
as a letter of the alphabet.
Unless you put the
letters together,
it doesn't have a lot of
meaning to a lot of people.
So the whole world
is not divided
into 12 different
categories of personalities.
But it does give us a
good bird's eye view
of certain temperament
patterns of people.
And that's what sun
sign astrology is about.
>>NOORY: How come
people are so fascinated
by their own astrological chart?
>>SERIO: That's a
wonderful question.
People want to know
about themselves.
They're very
interested in who they
are, why they're here,
what their purpose is.
So of course they want to know.
And they want to know,
am I really like that?
Or am I not like that?
I'll go to a party.
And I'll always
get one person who
will say to me, well,
guess what sign I am?
And they're always a
Scorpio because Scorpios,
they don't want to
tell you anything.
They want you to tell
them who they are.
>>NOORY: And it's interesting
how your astrological sign
is really related
to your personality.
I've got a couple daughters.
One is a Taurus.
She's bull-headed.
>>SERIO: Bull-headed, yes.
>>NOORY: And that's
what Taurus is.
How does that happen?
>>SERIO: Well, I think, again,
it shows more temperament.
The sun represents
your temperament
and how you express yourself
and your individuality.
So that's what you're seeing
in her, is that side of her.
Now, she could have a
little Gemini in her chart.
She could have a little
Aries in her chart,
like the adjoining signs.
And that would give yet another
dimension to her personality.
But sun sign astrology,
to me it's like,
look, we live in America.
So what happens
to our government,
our politics affects us, right?
It doesn't affect someone
so much in England, maybe,
as it would affect us.
And that's how it
is with sun signs.
So we can look at the planets
in the sky, and where they are.
And then we can look at how they
affect each individual sign.
And so most people will
experience a similar type
of event or experience
happening to them.
Like, they feel held back.
They feel opened up.
They feel opportunity
coming, whatever.
It's kind of the yin and yang.
>>NOORY: By planetary
alignment, can you
determine somebody's
astrological chart
based on the year, for example?
Will year one be
different from year two?
>>SERIO: Sure, because
the sky keeps moving.
It's not in the same position.
It's always moving.
We have slower moving planets
like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus,
Neptune, and Pluto.
So they're moving so
slowly that they're only
going to be in a certain
place at certain times,
like certain years.
So, yes, you can take a
person born in a certain year.
So, like, all Geminis
are not the same.
You're not going to
have the same chart.
But you will have the
sun in the-- you'll
have one planet
in the same sign.
>>NOORY: Sandra, what tools
do you use for astrology?
>>SERIO: Well,
computers are wonderful.
In my day, we learned
everything by hand.
We actually did mathematical
calculations of the chart.
And if you were-- took any of
the testing programs, which
I did, you had to
actually use a slide rule.
You had to actually
calculate a chart
for anywhere in the world.
And you had to pinpoint the
degree of the horizon, which
was using trigonometry
was a form of that.
But now with computers, we
can give out so much more
information to the
client because we have it
at our fingertips.
So we can draw charts up called
solar returns for the day
that the sun returns
on your birthday.
And we look at the
planets for that day that
colors the whole year.
And we just have so much
more we can do instantly
than we could ever do before.
>>NOORY: Computers have
really done it, haven't they?
What, do you basically just
put in the person's name, birth
date, and time and
just hit the button?
>>SERIO: And the
geographical location.
And you hit the button.
And the chart comes up.
So then you have the horizon.
But it's good to know the math
behind it because then you
know if you made a mistake.
Like, if you're
born near midnight,
the sun would be in the fourth
house, the bottom of the chart.
But if you're born near noon,
it's at the top of the chart.
So if you did the
math in those days,
then you would know if
you put in AM or PM--
if you made a
mistake on your time.
So that's when one helpful
thing from some of us
astrologers who have
been around a long time.
>>NOORY: Do you use
tarot cards at all?
>>SERIO: I use tarot cards.
I think tarot represent
what's going on in the moment.
And they can bring in the
influences of that moment.
And as an astrologer,
I like tarot
because it can either confirm
what I'm seeing in the chart
or it can give me some
additional information.
So these are images coming
from the unconscious,
but they're-- it's environmental
synchronicity, you know,
anything that
happens in the world.
Like you're
interviewing someone,
and you go to sip your
water, and you spill it.
That's very
significant, you know,
of what's going on
in the interview.
>>NOORY: Depends
on where it spills.
>>SERIO: Right.
>>NOORY: With
tarot cards, do you
tie it into the
astrological charts?
Do you use them both together?
>>SERIO: Yes, yes some
people do a tarot spread
that is a circle that looks
like an astrological chart.
So each placement of that card
represents a different house
in astrology.
And the houses show
the area of your life
where you're going to
have the experience.
So the planet tells you what.
There's the what, meaning
what we're talking about.
Venus, we're talking about love.
Or Saturn, we're
talking about business.
So it shows you the what.
The house shows you where it's
most likely to be expressed.
And the sign is
going to show you
how you will
express that energy.
>>NOORY: You have talked
about free will in the past.
How does free will
enter this picture
when your astrological
chart is already determined?
>>SERIO: Well, because
of your choices.
You see, if you--
This is where people
need to have awareness
about who they are.
And they need to have a little
bit of expanded consciousness.
I mean, we can't expect that
for everyone in the world
because you know what's going
on in the world with all
these atrocities
that are happening.
But if someone is
a seeker, and they
have a little bit
of awareness, they
can see, like, I
get women who choose
the same type of relationship
that is very bad for them.
But if they have the awareness
of why they're choosing it,
so that's where your
psychology comes in.
Why are you choosing
someone like that?
Then they're better able, once
they have the knowledge, right,
to make a better decision and
to recognize their patterns.
>>NOORY: But they can't
alter their future?
>>SERIO: I believe you
can alter your future.
But I have to be honest,
very few people do.
I think you need to meditate.
I think you need to do
spiritual disciplines.
I think there's
things that would
help you make better
choices in your life.
I really do.
And also, again, the
awareness, the knowledge,
and the information is going to
help you make better choices.
>>NOORY: Well, when you say very
few people change their future,
is it because they
don't know how?
Or they just don't want to?
>>SERIO: Well, the consciousness
isn't raised enough, I feel.
They're not-- They don't
have that within them
to see where they're
making mistakes
or where some-- They don't see
the consequences, necessarily,
of their actions.
And I think it's harder,
George, when you're younger,
because I don't think
you care as much.
You have that kind of devil
may care attitude, most people,
when they're young.
I think wisdom comes
in for a lot of people
when they're older.
>>NOORY: Sandra, how do you
really change your destiny?
Whether you look at an
astrological chart or not,
how do people step in and say,
I'm going to change my future?
How do they do that?
>>SERIO: I think a lot of it is
people who are very determined.
And they don't give up.
They don't recognize
failure in their life.
They just keep going.
But you have to
understand, there
is a destiny aspect to it.
It's like a dog on
a chain, on a leash.
And within that realm, the
dog does have free will,
how far he or she
can move within that.
But they're limited.
It's like you take
these prodigies, right?
So let's say Elton
John was playing
the piano when he
was four years old.
But I wasn't doing that.
So I don't have the
innate talent to do that.
That's part of destiny about
where your talents are.
So if you want to change it,
you've got to work at it.
You've got to say, well, I
don't want to be that person.
And I really believe
you can change it.
But not enough people
apply themselves.
I think that if you work
at something long enough,
you can get very good at it.
But as you know, there's
a lot of talented people
in our world.
You watch some of these shows
that put amateur singers on,
and they're incredibly talented,
but they're not famous.
So what's the difference?
The difference is the
astrological chart.
The difference is their
destiny at this point.
And also the fact that they
see themselves that way.
So a lot of very famous people,
when they were very young,
really kind of knew
inside that they
were going to be
famous because they
knew they were going to
be a star in some ways.
>>NOORY: Would the charts
determine that, too?
>>SERIO: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: You could tell?
>>SERIO: You could tell
that they had the potential.
Remember this thing
about environment.
It's also-- But you can
get beyond environment
easily enough, right?
But, again, environment
does influence you.
So you have to work within that.
>>NOORY: If someone comes to
you, do they bring you tools?
What do they need to
take to you for you
to do a reading on
them, for example?
>>SERIO: Well you
need, of course,
the day, month, and
year of the birth.
You need the
geographical location.
Because think of
this, someone born
in New York at the same
time as someone born in LA,
they're going to have
a different chart
because the sun is in
a different position.
There's a three
hour time change.
And so you need the
exact birth time,
which you cannot always get.
But you need an exact birth
time to really precisely put
the chart into order, let's say.
>>NOORY: Well, my birth time
was on the birth certificate.
>>SERIO: You're very lucky.
>>NOORY: I guess some
places don't do that.
>>SERIO: And some
places-- like Chicago
is a bit of a nightmare
with daylight savings time
because they were on daylight
savings time in the '50s
and in the '60s,
but they had a rule
that the hospitals should
record it in standard time.
So some hospitals
did, and some didn't.
>>NOORY: That's confusing.
>>SERIO: It's very confusing.
We always-- when we get a
Chicago birth time, especially
during daylight savings time
only, you say, oh my goodness.
This is one of those
nightmare charts.
Which one is going to be right?
>>NOORY: I think in
my particular case,
we had a sundial to determine
what time I was born,
or something like that.
The alignment of the planets,
the alignment of the star
system, do they tie in together
for astrology, or do they--
Because I guess the ancients
primarily used to look at what?
The stars, the constellations?
>>SERIO: Yeah, well, the
ancients looked at the con--
originally, the zodiac was named
after the constellations that
were in the backdrop of the sky.
And then that has moved.
So there are different
systems of astrology.
I have great respect for
all systems of astrology.
But we-- Western astrologers
use a tropical zodiac, tropical
meaning it's based
on the seasons.
So our zodiac starts
March 21st or 22nd,
whenever the first
day of spring is,
and it's the spring equinox.
So that's how we
start our chart.
>>NOORY: Now, as we move into
wintertime and areas like that,
and fall, the fall season.
Does that change?
Does that determine
what's going on?
>>SERIO: Well, in an individual
chart, yes, when you're born.
And just think if you
lived in Australia,
everything is flipped so
our summer is their winter.
And I've worked in Australia.
It's a very fascinating place.
And so birth charts are
very individual to you
in the place and time
and where you're born.
And that's, again,
that's your destiny.
That's the destiny pattern
that's ahead of you.
>>NOORY: How do you
change your future?
How do you do that?
Even with free will, but I
mean, you can't physically
change your astrological chart.
It is what it is, right?
So how do they change?
>>SERIO: Visualization.
There are techniques.
I really believe that you can
create things and manifest
things and bring them to you.
But you have to really want it.
And the second thing is
you have to really believe
you could do it.
If you don't have the
belief you could do it,
it's never going to happen.
So yes, I do believe that
people can make changes here.
And sometimes they say the
point of power is in the moment.
And I totally
believe that changing
your pattern, your personality
pattern, in that moment,
how you respond to someone.
You're driving down the
street, this guy cuts you off.
Usually swear at him.
>>NOORY: Road rage him!
>>SERIO: Yeah, road rage.
So what, if in that moment,
you were aware of it
and stopped yourself
and said, you know what?
Maybe he didn't see me.
Maybe, whatever.
And in that moment,
that starts to change.
>>NOORY: Maybe he's
just a bad driver.
>>SERIO: Right.
Doesn't know any better.
But in that moment, that
can change who you are.
That's very powerful stuff.
But, again, very
few people do that.
Very few people
have the awareness
that they could do that.
>>NOORY: Sometimes,
Sandra, life is
based on split second decisions.
That decision can alter
your life, your future,
could change everything, whether
you go through a red light
where maybe you would get
hit at the intersection.
For one quick second, it
changes your whole life.
Does astrology pinpoint that?
>>SERIO: It can pinpoint
life changes, absolutely.
That's the planet
Uranus, which is
sort of the kind of loose
cannon of the zodiac
because when Uranus comes
through a chart, anything goes.
Your life is going to
change beyond your control.
But it changes to get
you on another path,
because maybe you're missing
the path, your destiny.
You're missing
what you should be
doing in life, what
your purpose is.
So this planet Uranus
comes through, and boom.
It takes things away from you.
And you must move in
another direction.
So we have to
trust those things.
Instead of lamenting
what happened to us,
and we're victims,
and all that, you
have to see that there's a
brighter future beyond this.
This is why it's happening.
It's going to bring you
something very good.
Out of every adversity--
this is Napoleon Hill--
out of every adversity
comes the seed of a greater
or equivalent benefit.
So you have to live that
as part of your life.
>>NOORY: Here's the
$64,000 question.
How does it work?
How does an alignment
of stars and planets
determine who you are?
>>SERIO: It seems sort of
far-fetched, doesn't it?
>>NOORY: It's very strange.
>>SERIO: It seems like
it's way out there.
And don't we wish we knew
exactly what the answer was
to that?
But what we do know
is as above, so below.
It might reflect the
pattern of what's
going on, just like the
moon affects the tides.
But you could say,
oh, that's gravity.
I think with the planets,
they're symbolic.
They're archetypes.
And archetypes are common
experiences-- experiences
that are common to
every person here.
Even if you never got married
or never had a relationship,
you still have an
experience of love,
whether it's to your pet,
whatever it is, or to art
or whatever.
So it's more about archetypes.
So everybody's affec--
They say when you're born,
you agree to come
into this Earth plane,
and you will be governed by
the rules of the Earth plane,
which have a lot
to do with gravity,
but have a lot to do
with things that happen.
We see sadness.
We see murders.
We see all kinds of things.
But we agree to all
this ahead of time.
So we can't say, why
did it happen to me?
Why am I the victim, right?
We draw these things to us a
lot by what we do in our lives,
too.
>>NOORY: When a
person's born, Sandra,
it determines, of course,
the astrological outcome.
Do we determine when
we're born as individuals?
>>SERIO: I believe we do.
I absolutely believe that.
I believe we choose
who our parents are,
because it chooses
the environment
we want to be born into.
And I believe that you
come into the world
when you fit, when
you're a fit into it,
because then it creates all
the experiences that you want
to have to evolve into a more
perfect being, of course, which
can take many, many,
many lifetimes.
>>NOORY: My father
was a premature baby.
He was a twin.
They were both born seven
months in, not nine months.
Did that have an outcome
on his life, the fact
that he came two months earlier?
>>SERIO: I don't think it
had an outcome on his life.
It was still the way the
sky was at the moment he
took that first breath.
But that's a good question,
like Caesarean sections,
doesn't matter.
You think the doctor's
determining that,
but not necessarily.
The baby innately knows
when it's going to be born.
And just like parents, how
they name their children,
that's always
another fascin-- that
would be another fascinating
show because sometimes
names really have a great
deal of meaning behind them.
>>NOORY: No question about it.
>>SERIO: And so it's
not coincidental.
So we're drawn to things
that we're connected to.
So we're drawn into
the Earth plane
because we're connected to it.
>>NOORY: We have
a friend of ours,
her name is Maryanna Korwitts.
And she wrote a book called
"Name Power 101," which
determines exactly what you
said, that your name determines
who you end up being,
your personality.
And so if you're William,
and another kid is Billy,
they're different.
Their personalities
are different.
It's amazing how that works.
>>SERIO: It is amazing.
Isn't that how that's labeling?
But there's such
meaning behind words
that we have-- That's why
we have-- You can really
hurt people with your words
if you're not careful.
>>NOORY: Where does science
stand with all of this?
>>SERIO: Oh, they think
it's a bunch of hooey.
>>NOORY: They do.
>>SERIO: It's OK.
Astrologers don't care about
that, nor do tarot readers,
or palmists.
We know we have our work
to do to help people.
And we help them
in any way we can.
But I respect the
scientific community.
They brought us great
advances in many things.
But they're just
not-- they don't quite
have the awareness about
the other side of the brain
yet, or the invisible
world, as we call it,
or energies that they can't
replicate in an experiment.
So it's true.
You can take two people born
at exactly the same time,
and they may have
different lives,
in a way, because they
make different choices.
But they're going to have a lot
of similarities in those lives.
They've done things where
twins were separated at birth.
And when they found
each other, they
couldn't believe the
similarities in their lives,
because that's personality.
And personality
determines character.
And character
determines destiny.
>>NOORY: Now, what about twins?
Born on the same day, born
within minutes of each other.
Are they different?
>>SERIO: They can be.
If those minutes change
their rising sign,
which changes about
every two hours or so.
But if they're born in
that little bit of space,
the changes that
they're going to have
different expressions
of personality.
But they can be very similar.
I've observed a lot
of twins in my life.
And I find, like-- I knew twins.
And one was a psychotherapist.
And the other one was a psychic.
But they were both dealing
with people, and personality,
and trying to help people.
So it was very similar
in their expression.
And with those same twins,
this was fascinating.
One was married, and
one was not married.
When the married one
went through a divorce,
you say, well, then what
happened to the unmarried one?
She didn't have a husband.
Well, she worked for her father.
And her father closed
the business down.
So they had the same
experience, a loss
of a key man in their life, yes.
That's how astrology
works, experience,
what it means to them.
But it was a different
event, but the same meaning.
>>NOORY: Is astrology
only for an individual?
Or can it be for a
timetable of an event?
>>SERIO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Like the birth
of the United States,
like, here's an
example, 9/11/2001,
horrible moment
for this country.
Can you chart that?
>>SERIO: Sure, the
towers came down.
They were born when Saturn,
which is a karmic planet,
was in Gemini, the
sign of the twins.
And they, unfortunately, came
down at their Saturn return.
Now people get Saturn
returns at age 28, 29,
and again at 58, 59, and
again in the early 80s, right?
But, yes, you can
see that it was--
there's such a pattern there.
It's just fascinating.
But you asked a good
question because Carl Jung
said anything done or
born at a moment of time
has the qualities of
that moment of time.
And that's astrology.
He believed in astrology.
He wrote about it, felt like
people should know astrology.
So, yes, so you can have
a chart for a wedding.
You can have a chart for
when you met someone.
when you started this show.
And it will show us a lot about
the inner workings of the show
or the event at that time.
>>NOORY: One of my guests
on "Coast to Coast"
are a couple of people,
George Hart and Paul Guercio
who head up the Merlin Project.
It's a computerized-based system
that time tracks people's lives
well into the future.
And you will look
at a time track.
And, again, they
grab the information
that you look for, their
birth date, the time.
And they put it into a computer.
And what it does
is it shows spikes
in the person's life in years.
It does not tell them
what's going to happen.
They have no idea
But they will look at a chart.
They might look at
George Noory's chart.
And it may say, 2003,
it may be a huge spike.
Well, in 2003,
that's when I started
doing "Coast to Coast"
radio full time.
Nobody knew what it was.
But some major event was
going to occur in their life.
And they do that.
I guess it's like astrology.
>>SERIO: It is very much.
That's fascinating they're
using birth information.
So I don't know if they're
using like biorhythms.
I'm not sure what criteria is
the basis for their experiment.
But I will definitely
look that up later on.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>SERIO: That
sounds fascinating.
>>NOORY: And you can
clearly see the spikes.
>>SERIO: You see the spikes.
And that's like Saturn
returns are spikes for people,
because you always want to
build a stronger foundation.
And sometimes a foundation
that you're used to
is taken away, like you get
divorced, you lose your job,
or you finish
school, or whatever.
So it's like starting
over a little bit.
So a lot of people are governed
by those particular cycles
as well.
>>NOORY: If you were to advise
people in terms of astrology,
how they can use it in their
life, what would you tell them?
>>SERIO: I'd tell them
just be aware of where
the planets are at
any given moment.
And be aware of these
retrograde Mercury cycles.
When things do fall
apart, it's not
like you shouldn't
sign any document
under a retrograde Mercury.
You can't necessarily
live like that
because Mercury's retrograde
for about three weeks.
But at least be aware of it.
Read the fine print.
Again, awareness is
everything in a person's life.
So astrology can be helpful,
like certain signs that
attract each other tend to
conflict a lot of the time.
And so they have to
work through things.
If you took Bill and
Hillary Clinton, he's Leo,
and she's Scorpio.
Those are very
conflicting energies.
They've been through a lot.
But, see, they're fixed signs.
And what do fixed signs do?
They stay together.
>>NOORY: For whatever reason.
>>SERIO: For whatever
reason, right, but they
weather the storm.
You see, that's where knowing
astrology is a good thing.
>>NOORY: Well I was going
to ask you, too, then,
about compatibility
of individuals.
Would you do
something like that?
>>SERIO: I do that all the time.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>SERIO: And when I met my
husband, I knew him socially.
But he came for a session.
And I looked at that chart.
And I said, whoa, you know,
I knew we had a connection.
And I had a feeling about it.
So there's a little
bit of intuition
with a lot of astrology.
>>NOORY:Now, could the
connection be good or bad?
>>SERIO: It could
be good or bad.
You kind of know when--
I once had an assistant.
And her Saturn, which
is the karmic planet,
the demanding planet,
was conjunct my sun sign.
And sure enough, I was the boss.
She was older than I was.
She was not going to
take orders from me.
She was not going to listen.
And she left there after a week.
I had a feeling it wasn't
going to turn out well.
So you look at these Saturn
connections between people
because it tells you a lot about
how they're going to get along.
Because if one is too
stern, or too parental,
that's not going to
work with someone
like an Aries or a Sagittarius.
It just doesn't work
in relationships.
So you can see where there
can be destructiveness.
And you sometimes--
you never tell
people what to do in a session.
But you give some
advice, or suggestions,
and let them make
their own decisions.
But you can warn them.
>>NOORY: Numerology, somewhat
different from astrology.
>>SERIO: Somewhat.
>>NOORY: But there
are some similarities.
>>SERIO: Cycles, again,
what number year are you in?
What does it mean?
Oh, yeah, all these sciences to
me are divine sciences, George.
And they're all interconnected.
And they're beautiful
to know about them.
>>NOORY: Where do
you see, Sandra,
astrology going in
the next millennium?
>>SERIO: Well, I think
astrology will continue
to grow because it is
accurate, because it is useful.
>>NOORY: It's fun, too.
>>SERIO: It is fun.
And the internet,
I think, is really
allowing information
and education
to get out there
about astrology.
And I think a lot of
people-- more and more
people can be self-taught
because of the internet.
There's so much
beautiful information
at your fingertips on anything
that you want to know.
So I think astrology will grow.
I do believe, maybe
not in my lifetime,
but it will be recognized more
as a significant contribution.
Just like in India, astrology
is very well-revered in India.
It's totally different
than in the United States.
And, of course, the majority
of the people in the world
believe in reincarnation.
It's just that some of us in
the Western world, I think,
are more reluctant
to believe it.
But so, yes, I think it's
interesting, isn't it,
to study other countries,
other cultures.
You learn a lot about
the world we live in.
>>NOORY: Have you seen anything
astrologically speaking
that is so frightening,
so planet-ending,
that it has scared the
living daylights out of you?
>>SERIO: No, I have not.
I do not think
that-- I mean, I've
read about things
where they say this
is the Earth's going
to end this day.
It never does.
And they're never right.
>>NOORY: So you don't see it.
Or you don't
interpret it that way.
>>SERIO: Both.
I don't see it.
I just don't see it.
Now, maybe if you're talking
how many years in the future,
the sun is going to burn out.
We know that, right?
But it's not now.
It's not in this millennium.
>>NOORY: I used to be
petrified of that, by the way.
I used to have a
science teacher when
I was 13, 14 years
old, who would say,
the sun's going to burn out.
Now, he did say five
billion years from now.
I would go home crying.
And say, Mom, Dad, the
sun's going to burn out.
I mean, to me,
five billion years
from now seemed like tomorrow.
And my dad would sit
me and say, George,
let me tell you something.
That's five billion
years from now.
Don't worry about it.
It took me a long time
not to worry about it.
>>SERIO: Yeah, not to worry.
And there's so many other
Earth-like like planets
now they're discovering, right?
So if you reincarnate, you
might go to one of those planets
where the sun is still
very alive and healthy.
So you don't have
to worry about that.
>>NOORY: What has been the
most exciting thing for you
in astrology?
>>SERIO: I think
learning about people
and learning about-- I like
reading biographies on people
and following it
along with the chart,
like what happened at a
certain time in their life.
I think that's
pretty fascinating.
I think that, again, astrology
gives you a window into things.
It gives you information that
you just don't have without it.
And I think one
of the things it's
done for me is it's made
me accept people more,
because I figure, oh,
this person is difficult.
He or she must have a
t-square and fixed sign.
So they're going to be very
stubborn, very difficult
at times.
So you accept
people more readily
because you know that's
what they're like.
And it doesn't make an
excuse, necessarily,
for their behavior,
because you can
be in charge of
your own behavior.
But it at least makes you a
little more forgiving about it.
>>NOORY: That's important.
>>SERIO: It's important.
And if someone's
having a Mars aspect,
they're going to be more
irritable, and more angry.
So you're a little
more forgiving.
And a lot of astrologers
talk the language.
And they'll say, oh, I've
got a Mars aspect now.
So I know I'm
going to be crabby.
So just stay away from me.
We have our own language.
It's a beautiful language.
>>NOORY: Sandra, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
So here's a little tip for you.
You know your birth date.
Find out when you were born.
Check your birth certificate
or maybe ask your parents
if they're still around.
And find someone like
Sandra-Leigh Serio
to truly give you an
astrological reading
and determine what's going to
happen to you in the future.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]